collection/igneous/I_Andesite/I_Andesite_01.png	data/samples/items_VP6vALbqgNUa6mJD2peHYqh8WhwrzRlCynOyEi3OMHolhpJGSlTWVatWTSUfZ5xh
collection/igneous/I_Andesite/I_Andesite_02.png	data/samples/items_VP6vALbqgNUa6mJD2peHYqh8WhwrzRlCynOyEi3OMHolhpJGSlTWVatWTSUfZ5xh
collection/igneous/I_Andesite/I_Andesite_03.png	data/samples/items_VP6vALbqgNUa6mJD2peHYqh8WhwrzRlCynOyEi3OMHolhpJGSlTWVatWTSUfZ5xh
collection/igneous/I_Andesite/I_Andesite_04.png	data/samples/items_VP6vALbqgNUa6mJD2peHYqh8WhwrzRlCynOyEi3OMHolhpJGSlTWVatWTSUfZ5xh
collection/igneous/I_Andesite/I_Andesite_05.png	data/samples/items_VP6vALbqgNUa6mJD2peHYqh8WhwrzRlCynOyEi3OMHolhpJGSlTWVatWTSUfZ5xh
collection/igneous/I_Andesite/I_Andesite_06.png	data/samples/items_VP6vALbqgNUa6mJD2peHYqh8WhwrzRlCynOyEi3OMHolhpJGSlTWVatWTSUfZ5xh
collection/igneous/I_Andesite/I_Andesite_07.png	data/samples/items_VP6vALbqgNUa6mJD2peHYqh8WhwrzRlCynOyEi3OMHolhpJGSlTWVatWTSUfZ5xh
collection/igneous/I_Andesite/I_Andesite_08.png	data/samples/items_VP6vALbqgNUa6mJD2peHYqh8WhwrzRlCynOyEi3OMHolhpJGSlTWVatWTSUfZ5xh
collection/igneous/I_Andesite/I_Andesite_09.png	data/samples/items_VP6vALbqgNUa6mJD2peHYqh8WhwrzRlCynOyEi3OMHolhpJGSlTWVatWTSUfZ5xh
collection/igneous/I_Andesite/I_Andesite_10.png	data/samples/items_VP6vALbqgNUa6mJD2peHYqh8WhwrzRlCynOyEi3OMHolhpJGSlTWVatWTSUfZ5xh
collection/igneous/I_Andesite/I_Andesite_11.png	data/samples/items_VP6vALbqgNUa6mJD2peHYqh8WhwrzRlCynOyEi3OMHolhpJGSlTWVatWTSUfZ5xh
collection/igneous/I_Andesite/I_Andesite_12.png	data/samples/items_VP6vALbqgNUa6mJD2peHYqh8WhwrzRlCynOyEi3OMHolhpJGSlTWVatWTSUfZ5xh
collection/igneous/I_Basalt/I_Basalt_01.png	data/samples/items_VP6vALbqgNUa6mJD2peHYqh8WhwrzRlCynOyEi3OMHolhpJGSlTWVatWTSUfZ5xh
collection/igneous/I_Basalt/I_Basalt_02.png	data/samples/items_VP6vALbqgNUa6mJD2peHYqh8WhwrzRlCynOyEi3OMHolhpJGSlTWVatWTSUfZ5xh
collection/igneous/I_Basalt/I_Basalt_03.png	data/samples/items_VP6vALbqgNUa6mJD2peHYqh8WhwrzRlCynOyEi3OMHolhpJGSlTWVatWTSUfZ5xh
collection/igneous/I_Basalt/I_Basalt_04.png	data/samples/items_VP6vALbqgNUa6mJD2peHYqh8WhwrzRlCynOyEi3OMHolhpJGSlTWVatWTSUfZ5xh
collection/igneous/I_Basalt/I_Basalt_05.png	data/samples/items_VP6vALbqgNUa6mJD2peHYqh8WhwrzRlCynOyEi3OMHolhpJGSlTWVatWTSUfZ5xh
collection/igneous/I_Basalt/I_Basalt_06.png	data/samples/items_VP6vALbqgNUa6mJD2peHYqh8WhwrzRlCynOyEi3OMHolhpJGSlTWVatWTSUfZ5xh
collection/igneous/I_Basalt/I_Basalt_07.png	data/samples/items_VP6vALbqgNUa6mJD2peHYqh8WhwrzRlCynOyEi3OMHolhpJGSlTWVatWTSUfZ5xh
collection/igneous/I_Basalt/I_Basalt_08.png	data/samples/items_VP6vALbqgNUa6mJD2peHYqh8WhwrzRlCynOyEi3OMHolhpJGSlTWVatWTSUfZ5xh
collection/igneous/I_Basalt/I_Basalt_09.png	data/samples/items_VP6vALbqgNUa6mJD2peHYqh8WhwrzRlCynOyEi3OMHolhpJGSlTWVatWTSUfZ5xh
collection/igneous/I_Basalt/I_Basalt_10.png	data/samples/items_VP6vALbqgNUa6mJD2peHYqh8WhwrzRlCynOyEi3OMHolhpJGSlTWVatWTSUfZ5xh
collection/igneous/I_Basalt/I_Basalt_11.png	data/samples/items_VP6vALbqgNUa6mJD2peHYqh8WhwrzRlCynOyEi3OMHolhpJGSlTWVatWTSUfZ5xh
collection/igneous/I_Basalt/I_Basalt_12.png	data/samples/items_VP6vALbqgNUa6mJD2peHYqh8WhwrzRlCynOyEi3OMHolhpJGSlTWVatWTSUfZ5xh
collection/igneous/I_Diorite/I_Diorite_01.png	data/samples/items_VP6vALbqgNUa6mJD2peHYqh8WhwrzRlCynOyEi3OMHolhpJGSlTWVatWTSUfZ5xh
collection/igneous/I_Diorite/I_Diorite_02.png	data/samples/items_VP6vALbqgNUa6mJD2peHYqh8WhwrzRlCynOyEi3OMHolhpJGSlTWVatWTSUfZ5xh
collection/igneous/I_Diorite/I_Diorite_03.png	data/samples/items_VP6vALbqgNUa6mJD2peHYqh8WhwrzRlCynOyEi3OMHolhpJGSlTWVatWTSUfZ5xh
collection/igneous/I_Diorite/I_Diorite_04.png	data/samples/items_VP6vALbqgNUa6mJD2peHYqh8WhwrzRlCynOyEi3OMHolhpJGSlTWVatWTSUfZ5xh
collection/igneous/I_Diorite/I_Diorite_05.png	data/samples/items_VP6vALbqgNUa6mJD2peHYqh8WhwrzRlCynOyEi3OMHolhpJGSlTWVatWTSUfZ5xh
collection/igneous/I_Diorite/I_Diorite_06.png	data/samples/items_VP6vALbqgNUa6mJD2peHYqh8WhwrzRlCynOyEi3OMHolhpJGSlTWVatWTSUfZ5xh
collection/igneous/I_Diorite/I_Diorite_07.png	data/samples/items_VP6vALbqgNUa6mJD2peHYqh8WhwrzRlCynOyEi3OMHolhpJGSlTWVatWTSUfZ5xh
collection/igneous/I_Diorite/I_Diorite_08.png	data/samples/items_VP6vALbqgNUa6mJD2peHYqh8WhwrzRlCynOyEi3OMHolhpJGSlTWVatWTSUfZ5xh
collection/igneous/I_Diorite/I_Diorite_09.png	data/samples/items_VP6vALbqgNUa6mJD2peHYqh8WhwrzRlCynOyEi3OMHolhpJGSlTWVatWTSUfZ5xh
collection/igneous/I_Diorite/I_Diorite_10.png	data/samples/items_VP6vALbqgNUa6mJD2peHYqh8WhwrzRlCynOyEi3OMHolhpJGSlTWVatWTSUfZ5xh
collection/igneous/I_Diorite/I_Diorite_11.png	data/samples/items_VP6vALbqgNUa6mJD2peHYqh8WhwrzRlCynOyEi3OMHolhpJGSlTWVatWTSUfZ5xh
collection/igneous/I_Diorite/I_Diorite_12.png	data/samples/items_VP6vALbqgNUa6mJD2peHYqh8WhwrzRlCynOyEi3OMHolhpJGSlTWVatWTSUfZ5xh
collection/igneous/I_Gabbro/I_Gabbro_01.png	data/samples/items_VP6vALbqgNUa6mJD2peHYqh8WhwrzRlCynOyEi3OMHolhpJGSlTWVatWTSUfZ5xh
collection/igneous/I_Gabbro/I_Gabbro_02.png	data/samples/items_VP6vALbqgNUa6mJD2peHYqh8WhwrzRlCynOyEi3OMHolhpJGSlTWVatWTSUfZ5xh
collection/igneous/I_Gabbro/I_Gabbro_03.png	data/samples/items_VP6vALbqgNUa6mJD2peHYqh8WhwrzRlCynOyEi3OMHolhpJGSlTWVatWTSUfZ5xh
collection/igneous/I_Gabbro/I_Gabbro_04.png	data/samples/items_VP6vALbqgNUa6mJD2peHYqh8WhwrzRlCynOyEi3OMHolhpJGSlTWVatWTSUfZ5xh
collection/igneous/I_Gabbro/I_Gabbro_05.png	data/samples/items_VP6vALbqgNUa6mJD2peHYqh8WhwrzRlCynOyEi3OMHolhpJGSlTWVatWTSUfZ5xh
collection/igneous/I_Gabbro/I_Gabbro_06.png	data/samples/items_VP6vALbqgNUa6mJD2peHYqh8WhwrzRlCynOyEi3OMHolhpJGSlTWVatWTSUfZ5xh
collection/igneous/I_Gabbro/I_Gabbro_07.png	data/samples/items_VP6vALbqgNUa6mJD2peHYqh8WhwrzRlCynOyEi3OMHolhpJGSlTWVatWTSUfZ5xh
collection/igneous/I_Gabbro/I_Gabbro_08.png	data/samples/items_VP6vALbqgNUa6mJD2peHYqh8WhwrzRlCynOyEi3OMHolhpJGSlTWVatWTSUfZ5xh
collection/igneous/I_Gabbro/I_Gabbro_09.png	data/samples/items_VP6vALbqgNUa6mJD2peHYqh8WhwrzRlCynOyEi3OMHolhpJGSlTWVatWTSUfZ5xh
collection/igneous/I_Gabbro/I_Gabbro_10.png	data/samples/items_VP6vALbqgNUa6mJD2peHYqh8WhwrzRlCynOyEi3OMHolhpJGSlTWVatWTSUfZ5xh
collection/igneous/I_Gabbro/I_Gabbro_11.png	data/samples/items_VP6vALbqgNUa6mJD2peHYqh8WhwrzRlCynOyEi3OMHolhpJGSlTWVatWTSUfZ5xh
collection/igneous/I_Gabbro/I_Gabbro_12.png	data/samples/items_VP6vALbqgNUa6mJD2peHYqh8WhwrzRlCynOyEi3OMHolhpJGSlTWVatWTSUfZ5xh
collection/igneous/I_Granite/I_Granite_01.png	data/samples/items_VP6vALbqgNUa6mJD2peHYqh8WhwrzRlCynOyEi3OMHolhpJGSlTWVatWTSUfZ5xh
collection/igneous/I_Granite/I_Granite_02.png	data/samples/items_VP6vALbqgNUa6mJD2peHYqh8WhwrzRlCynOyEi3OMHolhpJGSlTWVatWTSUfZ5xh
collection/igneous/I_Granite/I_Granite_03.png	data/samples/items_VP6vALbqgNUa6mJD2peHYqh8WhwrzRlCynOyEi3OMHolhpJGSlTWVatWTSUfZ5xh
collection/igneous/I_Granite/I_Granite_04.png	data/samples/items_VP6vALbqgNUa6mJD2peHYqh8WhwrzRlCynOyEi3OMHolhpJGSlTWVatWTSUfZ5xh
collection/igneous/I_Granite/I_Granite_05.png	data/samples/items_VP6vALbqgNUa6mJD2peHYqh8WhwrzRlCynOyEi3OMHolhpJGSlTWVatWTSUfZ5xh
collection/igneous/I_Granite/I_Granite_06.png	data/samples/items_VP6vALbqgNUa6mJD2peHYqh8WhwrzRlCynOyEi3OMHolhpJGSlTWVatWTSUfZ5xh
collection/igneous/I_Granite/I_Granite_07.png	data/samples/items_VP6vALbqgNUa6mJD2peHYqh8WhwrzRlCynOyEi3OMHolhpJGSlTWVatWTSUfZ5xh
collection/igneous/I_Granite/I_Granite_08.png	data/samples/items_VP6vALbqgNUa6mJD2peHYqh8WhwrzRlCynOyEi3OMHolhpJGSlTWVatWTSUfZ5xh
collection/igneous/I_Granite/I_Granite_09.png	data/samples/items_VP6vALbqgNUa6mJD2peHYqh8WhwrzRlCynOyEi3OMHolhpJGSlTWVatWTSUfZ5xh
collection/igneous/I_Granite/I_Granite_10.png	data/samples/items_VP6vALbqgNUa6mJD2peHYqh8WhwrzRlCynOyEi3OMHolhpJGSlTWVatWTSUfZ5xh
collection/igneous/I_Granite/I_Granite_11.png	data/samples/items_VP6vALbqgNUa6mJD2peHYqh8WhwrzRlCynOyEi3OMHolhpJGSlTWVatWTSUfZ5xh
collection/igneous/I_Granite/I_Granite_12.png	data/samples/items_VP6vALbqgNUa6mJD2peHYqh8WhwrzRlCynOyEi3OMHolhpJGSlTWVatWTSUfZ5xh
collection/igneous/I_Obsidian/I_Obsidian_01.png	data/samples/items_VP6vALbqgNUa6mJD2peHYqh8WhwrzRlCynOyEi3OMHolhpJGSlTWVatWTSUfZ5xh
collection/igneous/I_Obsidian/I_Obsidian_02.png	data/samples/items_VP6vALbqgNUa6mJD2peHYqh8WhwrzRlCynOyEi3OMHolhpJGSlTWVatWTSUfZ5xh
collection/igneous/I_Obsidian/I_Obsidian_03.png	data/samples/items_VP6vALbqgNUa6mJD2peHYqh8WhwrzRlCynOyEi3OMHolhpJGSlTWVatWTSUfZ5xh
collection/igneous/I_Obsidian/I_Obsidian_04.png	data/samples/items_VP6vALbqgNUa6mJD2peHYqh8WhwrzRlCynOyEi3OMHolhpJGSlTWVatWTSUfZ5xh
collection/igneous/I_Obsidian/I_Obsidian_05.png	data/samples/items_VP6vALbqgNUa6mJD2peHYqh8WhwrzRlCynOyEi3OMHolhpJGSlTWVatWTSUfZ5xh
collection/igneous/I_Obsidian/I_Obsidian_06.png	data/samples/items_VP6vALbqgNUa6mJD2peHYqh8WhwrzRlCynOyEi3OMHolhpJGSlTWVatWTSUfZ5xh
collection/igneous/I_Obsidian/I_Obsidian_07.png	data/samples/items_VP6vALbqgNUa6mJD2peHYqh8WhwrzRlCynOyEi3OMHolhpJGSlTWVatWTSUfZ5xh
collection/igneous/I_Obsidian/I_Obsidian_08.png	data/samples/items_VP6vALbqgNUa6mJD2peHYqh8WhwrzRlCynOyEi3OMHolhpJGSlTWVatWTSUfZ5xh
collection/igneous/I_Obsidian/I_Obsidian_09.png	data/samples/items_VP6vALbqgNUa6mJD2peHYqh8WhwrzRlCynOyEi3OMHolhpJGSlTWVatWTSUfZ5xh
collection/igneous/I_Obsidian/I_Obsidian_10.png	data/samples/items_VP6vALbqgNUa6mJD2peHYqh8WhwrzRlCynOyEi3OMHolhpJGSlTWVatWTSUfZ5xh
collection/igneous/I_Obsidian/I_Obsidian_11.png	data/samples/items_VP6vALbqgNUa6mJD2peHYqh8WhwrzRlCynOyEi3OMHolhpJGSlTWVatWTSUfZ5xh
collection/igneous/I_Obsidian/I_Obsidian_12.png	data/samples/items_VP6vALbqgNUa6mJD2peHYqh8WhwrzRlCynOyEi3OMHolhpJGSlTWVatWTSUfZ5xh
collection/igneous/I_Pegmatite/I_Pegmatite_01.png	data/samples/items_VP6vALbqgNUa6mJD2peHYqh8WhwrzRlCynOyEi3OMHolhpJGSlTWVatWTSUfZ5xh
collection/igneous/I_Pegmatite/I_Pegmatite_02.png	data/samples/items_VP6vALbqgNUa6mJD2peHYqh8WhwrzRlCynOyEi3OMHolhpJGSlTWVatWTSUfZ5xh
collection/igneous/I_Pegmatite/I_Pegmatite_03.png	data/samples/items_VP6vALbqgNUa6mJD2peHYqh8WhwrzRlCynOyEi3OMHolhpJGSlTWVatWTSUfZ5xh
collection/igneous/I_Pegmatite/I_Pegmatite_04.png	data/samples/items_VP6vALbqgNUa6mJD2peHYqh8WhwrzRlCynOyEi3OMHolhpJGSlTWVatWTSUfZ5xh
collection/igneous/I_Pegmatite/I_Pegmatite_05.png	data/samples/items_VP6vALbqgNUa6mJD2peHYqh8WhwrzRlCynOyEi3OMHolhpJGSlTWVatWTSUfZ5xh
collection/igneous/I_Pegmatite/I_Pegmatite_06.png	data/samples/items_VP6vALbqgNUa6mJD2peHYqh8WhwrzRlCynOyEi3OMHolhpJGSlTWVatWTSUfZ5xh
collection/igneous/I_Pegmatite/I_Pegmatite_07.png	data/samples/items_VP6vALbqgNUa6mJD2peHYqh8WhwrzRlCynOyEi3OMHolhpJGSlTWVatWTSUfZ5xh
collection/igneous/I_Pegmatite/I_Pegmatite_08.png	data/samples/items_VP6vALbqgNUa6mJD2peHYqh8WhwrzRlCynOyEi3OMHolhpJGSlTWVatWTSUfZ5xh
collection/igneous/I_Pegmatite/I_Pegmatite_09.png	data/samples/items_VP6vALbqgNUa6mJD2peHYqh8WhwrzRlCynOyEi3OMHolhpJGSlTWVatWTSUfZ5xh
collection/igneous/I_Pegmatite/I_Pegmatite_10.png	data/samples/items_VP6vALbqgNUa6mJD2peHYqh8WhwrzRlCynOyEi3OMHolhpJGSlTWVatWTSUfZ5xh
collection/igneous/I_Pegmatite/I_Pegmatite_11.png	data/samples/items_VP6vALbqgNUa6mJD2peHYqh8WhwrzRlCynOyEi3OMHolhpJGSlTWVatWTSUfZ5xh
collection/igneous/I_Pegmatite/I_Pegmatite_12.png	data/samples/items_VP6vALbqgNUa6mJD2peHYqh8WhwrzRlCynOyEi3OMHolhpJGSlTWVatWTSUfZ5xh
collection/igneous/I_Peridotite/I_Peridotite_01.png	data/samples/items_VP6vALbqgNUa6mJD2peHYqh8WhwrzRlCynOyEi3OMHolhpJGSlTWVatWTSUfZ5xh
collection/igneous/I_Peridotite/I_Peridotite_02.png	data/samples/items_VP6vALbqgNUa6mJD2peHYqh8WhwrzRlCynOyEi3OMHolhpJGSlTWVatWTSUfZ5xh
collection/igneous/I_Peridotite/I_Peridotite_03.png	data/samples/items_VP6vALbqgNUa6mJD2peHYqh8WhwrzRlCynOyEi3OMHolhpJGSlTWVatWTSUfZ5xh
collection/igneous/I_Peridotite/I_Peridotite_04.png	data/samples/items_VP6vALbqgNUa6mJD2peHYqh8WhwrzRlCynOyEi3OMHolhpJGSlTWVatWTSUfZ5xh
collection/igneous/I_Peridotite/I_Peridotite_05.png	data/samples/items_VP6vALbqgNUa6mJD2peHYqh8WhwrzRlCynOyEi3OMHolhpJGSlTWVatWTSUfZ5xh
collection/igneous/I_Peridotite/I_Peridotite_06.png	data/samples/items_VP6vALbqgNUa6mJD2peHYqh8WhwrzRlCynOyEi3OMHolhpJGSlTWVatWTSUfZ5xh
collection/igneous/I_Peridotite/I_Peridotite_07.png	data/samples/items_VP6vALbqgNUa6mJD2peHYqh8WhwrzRlCynOyEi3OMHolhpJGSlTWVatWTSUfZ5xh
collection/igneous/I_Peridotite/I_Peridotite_08.png	data/samples/items_VP6vALbqgNUa6mJD2peHYqh8WhwrzRlCynOyEi3OMHolhpJGSlTWVatWTSUfZ5xh
collection/igneous/I_Peridotite/I_Peridotite_09.png	data/samples/items_VP6vALbqgNUa6mJD2peHYqh8WhwrzRlCynOyEi3OMHolhpJGSlTWVatWTSUfZ5xh
collection/igneous/I_Peridotite/I_Peridotite_10.png	data/samples/items_VP6vALbqgNUa6mJD2peHYqh8WhwrzRlCynOyEi3OMHolhpJGSlTWVatWTSUfZ5xh
collection/igneous/I_Peridotite/I_Peridotite_11.png	data/samples/items_VP6vALbqgNUa6mJD2peHYqh8WhwrzRlCynOyEi3OMHolhpJGSlTWVatWTSUfZ5xh
collection/igneous/I_Peridotite/I_Peridotite_12.png	data/samples/items_VP6vALbqgNUa6mJD2peHYqh8WhwrzRlCynOyEi3OMHolhpJGSlTWVatWTSUfZ5xh
collection/igneous/I_Pumice/I_Pumice_01.png	data/samples/items_VP6vALbqgNUa6mJD2peHYqh8WhwrzRlCynOyEi3OMHolhpJGSlTWVatWTSUfZ5xh
collection/igneous/I_Pumice/I_Pumice_02.png	data/samples/items_VP6vALbqgNUa6mJD2peHYqh8WhwrzRlCynOyEi3OMHolhpJGSlTWVatWTSUfZ5xh
collection/igneous/I_Pumice/I_Pumice_03.png	data/samples/items_VP6vALbqgNUa6mJD2peHYqh8WhwrzRlCynOyEi3OMHolhpJGSlTWVatWTSUfZ5xh
collection/igneous/I_Pumice/I_Pumice_04.png	data/samples/items_VP6vALbqgNUa6mJD2peHYqh8WhwrzRlCynOyEi3OMHolhpJGSlTWVatWTSUfZ5xh
collection/igneous/I_Pumice/I_Pumice_05.png	data/samples/items_VP6vALbqgNUa6mJD2peHYqh8WhwrzRlCynOyEi3OMHolhpJGSlTWVatWTSUfZ5xh
collection/igneous/I_Pumice/I_Pumice_06.png	data/samples/items_VP6vALbqgNUa6mJD2peHYqh8WhwrzRlCynOyEi3OMHolhpJGSlTWVatWTSUfZ5xh
collection/igneous/I_Pumice/I_Pumice_07.png	data/samples/items_VP6vALbqgNUa6mJD2peHYqh8WhwrzRlCynOyEi3OMHolhpJGSlTWVatWTSUfZ5xh
collection/igneous/I_Pumice/I_Pumice_08.png	data/samples/items_VP6vALbqgNUa6mJD2peHYqh8WhwrzRlCynOyEi3OMHolhpJGSlTWVatWTSUfZ5xh
collection/igneous/I_Pumice/I_Pumice_09.png	data/samples/items_VP6vALbqgNUa6mJD2peHYqh8WhwrzRlCynOyEi3OMHolhpJGSlTWVatWTSUfZ5xh
collection/igneous/I_Pumice/I_Pumice_10.png	data/samples/items_VP6vALbqgNUa6mJD2peHYqh8WhwrzRlCynOyEi3OMHolhpJGSlTWVatWTSUfZ5xh
collection/igneous/I_Pumice/I_Pumice_11.png	data/samples/items_VP6vALbqgNUa6mJD2peHYqh8WhwrzRlCynOyEi3OMHolhpJGSlTWVatWTSUfZ5xh
collection/igneous/I_Pumice/I_Pumice_12.png	data/samples/items_VP6vALbqgNUa6mJD2peHYqh8WhwrzRlCynOyEi3OMHolhpJGSlTWVatWTSUfZ5xh
collection/igneous/I_Rhyolite/I_Rhyolite_01.png	data/samples/items_VP6vALbqgNUa6mJD2peHYqh8WhwrzRlCynOyEi3OMHolhpJGSlTWVatWTSUfZ5xh
collection/igneous/I_Rhyolite/I_Rhyolite_02.png	data/samples/items_VP6vALbqgNUa6mJD2peHYqh8WhwrzRlCynOyEi3OMHolhpJGSlTWVatWTSUfZ5xh
collection/igneous/I_Rhyolite/I_Rhyolite_03.png	data/samples/items_VP6vALbqgNUa6mJD2peHYqh8WhwrzRlCynOyEi3OMHolhpJGSlTWVatWTSUfZ5xh
collection/igneous/I_Rhyolite/I_Rhyolite_04.png	data/samples/items_VP6vALbqgNUa6mJD2peHYqh8WhwrzRlCynOyEi3OMHolhpJGSlTWVatWTSUfZ5xh
collection/igneous/I_Rhyolite/I_Rhyolite_05.png	data/samples/items_VP6vALbqgNUa6mJD2peHYqh8WhwrzRlCynOyEi3OMHolhpJGSlTWVatWTSUfZ5xh
collection/igneous/I_Rhyolite/I_Rhyolite_06.png	data/samples/items_VP6vALbqgNUa6mJD2peHYqh8WhwrzRlCynOyEi3OMHolhpJGSlTWVatWTSUfZ5xh
collection/igneous/I_Rhyolite/I_Rhyolite_07.png	data/samples/items_VP6vALbqgNUa6mJD2peHYqh8WhwrzRlCynOyEi3OMHolhpJGSlTWVatWTSUfZ5xh
collection/igneous/I_Rhyolite/I_Rhyolite_08.png	data/samples/items_VP6vALbqgNUa6mJD2peHYqh8WhwrzRlCynOyEi3OMHolhpJGSlTWVatWTSUfZ5xh
collection/igneous/I_Rhyolite/I_Rhyolite_09.png	data/samples/items_VP6vALbqgNUa6mJD2peHYqh8WhwrzRlCynOyEi3OMHolhpJGSlTWVatWTSUfZ5xh
collection/igneous/I_Rhyolite/I_Rhyolite_10.png	data/samples/items_VP6vALbqgNUa6mJD2peHYqh8WhwrzRlCynOyEi3OMHolhpJGSlTWVatWTSUfZ5xh
collection/igneous/I_Rhyolite/I_Rhyolite_11.png	data/samples/items_VP6vALbqgNUa6mJD2peHYqh8WhwrzRlCynOyEi3OMHolhpJGSlTWVatWTSUfZ5xh
collection/igneous/I_Rhyolite/I_Rhyolite_12.png	data/samples/items_VP6vALbqgNUa6mJD2peHYqh8WhwrzRlCynOyEi3OMHolhpJGSlTWVatWTSUfZ5xh
collection/metamorphic/M_Amphibolite/M_Amphibolite_01.png	data/samples/items_RE9VthBbtP5nz18wLjeuuPAGHdJllR8eCL26wHNsmm4yVb8o0nKErnhWZkMRuWR5
collection/metamorphic/M_Amphibolite/M_Amphibolite_02.png	data/samples/items_RE9VthBbtP5nz18wLjeuuPAGHdJllR8eCL26wHNsmm4yVb8o0nKErnhWZkMRuWR5
collection/metamorphic/M_Amphibolite/M_Amphibolite_03.png	data/samples/items_RE9VthBbtP5nz18wLjeuuPAGHdJllR8eCL26wHNsmm4yVb8o0nKErnhWZkMRuWR5
collection/metamorphic/M_Amphibolite/M_Amphibolite_04.png	data/samples/items_RE9VthBbtP5nz18wLjeuuPAGHdJllR8eCL26wHNsmm4yVb8o0nKErnhWZkMRuWR5
collection/metamorphic/M_Amphibolite/M_Amphibolite_05.png	data/samples/items_RE9VthBbtP5nz18wLjeuuPAGHdJllR8eCL26wHNsmm4yVb8o0nKErnhWZkMRuWR5
collection/metamorphic/M_Amphibolite/M_Amphibolite_06.png	data/samples/items_RE9VthBbtP5nz18wLjeuuPAGHdJllR8eCL26wHNsmm4yVb8o0nKErnhWZkMRuWR5
collection/metamorphic/M_Amphibolite/M_Amphibolite_07.png	data/samples/items_RE9VthBbtP5nz18wLjeuuPAGHdJllR8eCL26wHNsmm4yVb8o0nKErnhWZkMRuWR5
collection/metamorphic/M_Amphibolite/M_Amphibolite_08.png	data/samples/items_RE9VthBbtP5nz18wLjeuuPAGHdJllR8eCL26wHNsmm4yVb8o0nKErnhWZkMRuWR5
collection/metamorphic/M_Amphibolite/M_Amphibolite_09.png	data/samples/items_RE9VthBbtP5nz18wLjeuuPAGHdJllR8eCL26wHNsmm4yVb8o0nKErnhWZkMRuWR5
collection/metamorphic/M_Amphibolite/M_Amphibolite_10.png	data/samples/items_RE9VthBbtP5nz18wLjeuuPAGHdJllR8eCL26wHNsmm4yVb8o0nKErnhWZkMRuWR5
collection/metamorphic/M_Amphibolite/M_Amphibolite_11.png	data/samples/items_RE9VthBbtP5nz18wLjeuuPAGHdJllR8eCL26wHNsmm4yVb8o0nKErnhWZkMRuWR5
collection/metamorphic/M_Amphibolite/M_Amphibolite_12.png	data/samples/items_RE9VthBbtP5nz18wLjeuuPAGHdJllR8eCL26wHNsmm4yVb8o0nKErnhWZkMRuWR5
collection/metamorphic/M_Anthracite/M_Anthracite_01.png	data/samples/items_RE9VthBbtP5nz18wLjeuuPAGHdJllR8eCL26wHNsmm4yVb8o0nKErnhWZkMRuWR5
collection/metamorphic/M_Anthracite/M_Anthracite_02.png	data/samples/items_RE9VthBbtP5nz18wLjeuuPAGHdJllR8eCL26wHNsmm4yVb8o0nKErnhWZkMRuWR5
collection/metamorphic/M_Anthracite/M_Anthracite_03.png	data/samples/items_RE9VthBbtP5nz18wLjeuuPAGHdJllR8eCL26wHNsmm4yVb8o0nKErnhWZkMRuWR5
collection/metamorphic/M_Anthracite/M_Anthracite_04.png	data/samples/items_RE9VthBbtP5nz18wLjeuuPAGHdJllR8eCL26wHNsmm4yVb8o0nKErnhWZkMRuWR5
collection/metamorphic/M_Anthracite/M_Anthracite_05.png	data/samples/items_RE9VthBbtP5nz18wLjeuuPAGHdJllR8eCL26wHNsmm4yVb8o0nKErnhWZkMRuWR5
collection/metamorphic/M_Anthracite/M_Anthracite_06.png	data/samples/items_RE9VthBbtP5nz18wLjeuuPAGHdJllR8eCL26wHNsmm4yVb8o0nKErnhWZkMRuWR5
collection/metamorphic/M_Anthracite/M_Anthracite_07.png	data/samples/items_RE9VthBbtP5nz18wLjeuuPAGHdJllR8eCL26wHNsmm4yVb8o0nKErnhWZkMRuWR5
collection/metamorphic/M_Anthracite/M_Anthracite_08.png	data/samples/items_RE9VthBbtP5nz18wLjeuuPAGHdJllR8eCL26wHNsmm4yVb8o0nKErnhWZkMRuWR5
collection/metamorphic/M_Anthracite/M_Anthracite_09.png	data/samples/items_RE9VthBbtP5nz18wLjeuuPAGHdJllR8eCL26wHNsmm4yVb8o0nKErnhWZkMRuWR5
collection/metamorphic/M_Anthracite/M_Anthracite_10.png	data/samples/items_RE9VthBbtP5nz18wLjeuuPAGHdJllR8eCL26wHNsmm4yVb8o0nKErnhWZkMRuWR5
collection/metamorphic/M_Anthracite/M_Anthracite_11.png	data/samples/items_RE9VthBbtP5nz18wLjeuuPAGHdJllR8eCL26wHNsmm4yVb8o0nKErnhWZkMRuWR5
collection/metamorphic/M_Anthracite/M_Anthracite_12.png	data/samples/items_RE9VthBbtP5nz18wLjeuuPAGHdJllR8eCL26wHNsmm4yVb8o0nKErnhWZkMRuWR5
collection/metamorphic/M_Gneiss/M_Gneiss_01.png	data/samples/items_RE9VthBbtP5nz18wLjeuuPAGHdJllR8eCL26wHNsmm4yVb8o0nKErnhWZkMRuWR5
collection/metamorphic/M_Gneiss/M_Gneiss_02.png	data/samples/items_RE9VthBbtP5nz18wLjeuuPAGHdJllR8eCL26wHNsmm4yVb8o0nKErnhWZkMRuWR5
collection/metamorphic/M_Gneiss/M_Gneiss_03.png	data/samples/items_RE9VthBbtP5nz18wLjeuuPAGHdJllR8eCL26wHNsmm4yVb8o0nKErnhWZkMRuWR5
collection/metamorphic/M_Gneiss/M_Gneiss_04.png	data/samples/items_RE9VthBbtP5nz18wLjeuuPAGHdJllR8eCL26wHNsmm4yVb8o0nKErnhWZkMRuWR5
collection/metamorphic/M_Gneiss/M_Gneiss_05.png	data/samples/items_RE9VthBbtP5nz18wLjeuuPAGHdJllR8eCL26wHNsmm4yVb8o0nKErnhWZkMRuWR5
collection/metamorphic/M_Gneiss/M_Gneiss_06.png	data/samples/items_RE9VthBbtP5nz18wLjeuuPAGHdJllR8eCL26wHNsmm4yVb8o0nKErnhWZkMRuWR5
collection/metamorphic/M_Gneiss/M_Gneiss_07.png	data/samples/items_RE9VthBbtP5nz18wLjeuuPAGHdJllR8eCL26wHNsmm4yVb8o0nKErnhWZkMRuWR5
collection/metamorphic/M_Gneiss/M_Gneiss_08.png	data/samples/items_RE9VthBbtP5nz18wLjeuuPAGHdJllR8eCL26wHNsmm4yVb8o0nKErnhWZkMRuWR5
collection/metamorphic/M_Gneiss/M_Gneiss_09.png	data/samples/items_RE9VthBbtP5nz18wLjeuuPAGHdJllR8eCL26wHNsmm4yVb8o0nKErnhWZkMRuWR5
collection/metamorphic/M_Gneiss/M_Gneiss_10.png	data/samples/items_RE9VthBbtP5nz18wLjeuuPAGHdJllR8eCL26wHNsmm4yVb8o0nKErnhWZkMRuWR5
collection/metamorphic/M_Gneiss/M_Gneiss_11.png	data/samples/items_RE9VthBbtP5nz18wLjeuuPAGHdJllR8eCL26wHNsmm4yVb8o0nKErnhWZkMRuWR5
collection/metamorphic/M_Gneiss/M_Gneiss_12.png	data/samples/items_RE9VthBbtP5nz18wLjeuuPAGHdJllR8eCL26wHNsmm4yVb8o0nKErnhWZkMRuWR5
collection/metamorphic/M_Hornfels/M_Hornfels_01.png	data/samples/items_RE9VthBbtP5nz18wLjeuuPAGHdJllR8eCL26wHNsmm4yVb8o0nKErnhWZkMRuWR5
collection/metamorphic/M_Hornfels/M_Hornfels_02.png	data/samples/items_RE9VthBbtP5nz18wLjeuuPAGHdJllR8eCL26wHNsmm4yVb8o0nKErnhWZkMRuWR5
collection/metamorphic/M_Hornfels/M_Hornfels_03.png	data/samples/items_RE9VthBbtP5nz18wLjeuuPAGHdJllR8eCL26wHNsmm4yVb8o0nKErnhWZkMRuWR5
collection/metamorphic/M_Hornfels/M_Hornfels_04.png	data/samples/items_RE9VthBbtP5nz18wLjeuuPAGHdJllR8eCL26wHNsmm4yVb8o0nKErnhWZkMRuWR5
collection/metamorphic/M_Hornfels/M_Hornfels_05.png	data/samples/items_RE9VthBbtP5nz18wLjeuuPAGHdJllR8eCL26wHNsmm4yVb8o0nKErnhWZkMRuWR5
collection/metamorphic/M_Hornfels/M_Hornfels_06.png	data/samples/items_RE9VthBbtP5nz18wLjeuuPAGHdJllR8eCL26wHNsmm4yVb8o0nKErnhWZkMRuWR5
collection/metamorphic/M_Hornfels/M_Hornfels_07.png	data/samples/items_RE9VthBbtP5nz18wLjeuuPAGHdJllR8eCL26wHNsmm4yVb8o0nKErnhWZkMRuWR5
collection/metamorphic/M_Hornfels/M_Hornfels_08.png	data/samples/items_RE9VthBbtP5nz18wLjeuuPAGHdJllR8eCL26wHNsmm4yVb8o0nKErnhWZkMRuWR5
collection/metamorphic/M_Hornfels/M_Hornfels_09.png	data/samples/items_RE9VthBbtP5nz18wLjeuuPAGHdJllR8eCL26wHNsmm4yVb8o0nKErnhWZkMRuWR5
collection/metamorphic/M_Hornfels/M_Hornfels_10.png	data/samples/items_RE9VthBbtP5nz18wLjeuuPAGHdJllR8eCL26wHNsmm4yVb8o0nKErnhWZkMRuWR5
collection/metamorphic/M_Hornfels/M_Hornfels_11.png	data/samples/items_RE9VthBbtP5nz18wLjeuuPAGHdJllR8eCL26wHNsmm4yVb8o0nKErnhWZkMRuWR5
collection/metamorphic/M_Hornfels/M_Hornfels_12.png	data/samples/items_RE9VthBbtP5nz18wLjeuuPAGHdJllR8eCL26wHNsmm4yVb8o0nKErnhWZkMRuWR5
collection/metamorphic/M_Marble/M_Marble_01.png	data/samples/items_RE9VthBbtP5nz18wLjeuuPAGHdJllR8eCL26wHNsmm4yVb8o0nKErnhWZkMRuWR5
collection/metamorphic/M_Marble/M_Marble_02.png	data/samples/items_RE9VthBbtP5nz18wLjeuuPAGHdJllR8eCL26wHNsmm4yVb8o0nKErnhWZkMRuWR5
collection/metamorphic/M_Marble/M_Marble_03.png	data/samples/items_RE9VthBbtP5nz18wLjeuuPAGHdJllR8eCL26wHNsmm4yVb8o0nKErnhWZkMRuWR5
collection/metamorphic/M_Marble/M_Marble_04.png	data/samples/items_RE9VthBbtP5nz18wLjeuuPAGHdJllR8eCL26wHNsmm4yVb8o0nKErnhWZkMRuWR5
collection/metamorphic/M_Marble/M_Marble_05.png	data/samples/items_RE9VthBbtP5nz18wLjeuuPAGHdJllR8eCL26wHNsmm4yVb8o0nKErnhWZkMRuWR5
collection/metamorphic/M_Marble/M_Marble_06.png	data/samples/items_RE9VthBbtP5nz18wLjeuuPAGHdJllR8eCL26wHNsmm4yVb8o0nKErnhWZkMRuWR5
collection/metamorphic/M_Marble/M_Marble_07.png	data/samples/items_RE9VthBbtP5nz18wLjeuuPAGHdJllR8eCL26wHNsmm4yVb8o0nKErnhWZkMRuWR5
collection/metamorphic/M_Marble/M_Marble_08.png	data/samples/items_RE9VthBbtP5nz18wLjeuuPAGHdJllR8eCL26wHNsmm4yVb8o0nKErnhWZkMRuWR5
collection/metamorphic/M_Marble/M_Marble_09.png	data/samples/items_RE9VthBbtP5nz18wLjeuuPAGHdJllR8eCL26wHNsmm4yVb8o0nKErnhWZkMRuWR5
collection/metamorphic/M_Marble/M_Marble_10.png	data/samples/items_RE9VthBbtP5nz18wLjeuuPAGHdJllR8eCL26wHNsmm4yVb8o0nKErnhWZkMRuWR5
collection/metamorphic/M_Marble/M_Marble_11.png	data/samples/items_RE9VthBbtP5nz18wLjeuuPAGHdJllR8eCL26wHNsmm4yVb8o0nKErnhWZkMRuWR5
collection/metamorphic/M_Marble/M_Marble_12.png	data/samples/items_RE9VthBbtP5nz18wLjeuuPAGHdJllR8eCL26wHNsmm4yVb8o0nKErnhWZkMRuWR5
collection/metamorphic/M_Migmatite/M_Migmatite_01.png	data/samples/items_RE9VthBbtP5nz18wLjeuuPAGHdJllR8eCL26wHNsmm4yVb8o0nKErnhWZkMRuWR5
collection/metamorphic/M_Migmatite/M_Migmatite_02.png	data/samples/items_RE9VthBbtP5nz18wLjeuuPAGHdJllR8eCL26wHNsmm4yVb8o0nKErnhWZkMRuWR5
collection/metamorphic/M_Migmatite/M_Migmatite_03.png	data/samples/items_RE9VthBbtP5nz18wLjeuuPAGHdJllR8eCL26wHNsmm4yVb8o0nKErnhWZkMRuWR5
collection/metamorphic/M_Migmatite/M_Migmatite_04.png	data/samples/items_RE9VthBbtP5nz18wLjeuuPAGHdJllR8eCL26wHNsmm4yVb8o0nKErnhWZkMRuWR5
collection/metamorphic/M_Migmatite/M_Migmatite_05.png	data/samples/items_RE9VthBbtP5nz18wLjeuuPAGHdJllR8eCL26wHNsmm4yVb8o0nKErnhWZkMRuWR5
collection/metamorphic/M_Migmatite/M_Migmatite_06.png	data/samples/items_RE9VthBbtP5nz18wLjeuuPAGHdJllR8eCL26wHNsmm4yVb8o0nKErnhWZkMRuWR5
collection/metamorphic/M_Migmatite/M_Migmatite_07.png	data/samples/items_RE9VthBbtP5nz18wLjeuuPAGHdJllR8eCL26wHNsmm4yVb8o0nKErnhWZkMRuWR5
collection/metamorphic/M_Migmatite/M_Migmatite_08.png	data/samples/items_RE9VthBbtP5nz18wLjeuuPAGHdJllR8eCL26wHNsmm4yVb8o0nKErnhWZkMRuWR5
collection/metamorphic/M_Migmatite/M_Migmatite_09.png	data/samples/items_RE9VthBbtP5nz18wLjeuuPAGHdJllR8eCL26wHNsmm4yVb8o0nKErnhWZkMRuWR5
collection/metamorphic/M_Migmatite/M_Migmatite_10.png	data/samples/items_RE9VthBbtP5nz18wLjeuuPAGHdJllR8eCL26wHNsmm4yVb8o0nKErnhWZkMRuWR5
collection/metamorphic/M_Migmatite/M_Migmatite_11.png	data/samples/items_RE9VthBbtP5nz18wLjeuuPAGHdJllR8eCL26wHNsmm4yVb8o0nKErnhWZkMRuWR5
collection/metamorphic/M_Migmatite/M_Migmatite_12.png	data/samples/items_RE9VthBbtP5nz18wLjeuuPAGHdJllR8eCL26wHNsmm4yVb8o0nKErnhWZkMRuWR5
collection/metamorphic/M_Phyllite/M_Phyllite_01.png	data/samples/items_RE9VthBbtP5nz18wLjeuuPAGHdJllR8eCL26wHNsmm4yVb8o0nKErnhWZkMRuWR5
collection/metamorphic/M_Phyllite/M_Phyllite_02.png	data/samples/items_RE9VthBbtP5nz18wLjeuuPAGHdJllR8eCL26wHNsmm4yVb8o0nKErnhWZkMRuWR5
collection/metamorphic/M_Phyllite/M_Phyllite_03.png	data/samples/items_RE9VthBbtP5nz18wLjeuuPAGHdJllR8eCL26wHNsmm4yVb8o0nKErnhWZkMRuWR5
collection/metamorphic/M_Phyllite/M_Phyllite_04.png	data/samples/items_RE9VthBbtP5nz18wLjeuuPAGHdJllR8eCL26wHNsmm4yVb8o0nKErnhWZkMRuWR5
collection/metamorphic/M_Phyllite/M_Phyllite_05.png	data/samples/items_RE9VthBbtP5nz18wLjeuuPAGHdJllR8eCL26wHNsmm4yVb8o0nKErnhWZkMRuWR5
collection/metamorphic/M_Phyllite/M_Phyllite_06.png	data/samples/items_RE9VthBbtP5nz18wLjeuuPAGHdJllR8eCL26wHNsmm4yVb8o0nKErnhWZkMRuWR5
collection/metamorphic/M_Phyllite/M_Phyllite_07.png	data/samples/items_RE9VthBbtP5nz18wLjeuuPAGHdJllR8eCL26wHNsmm4yVb8o0nKErnhWZkMRuWR5
collection/metamorphic/M_Phyllite/M_Phyllite_08.png	data/samples/items_RE9VthBbtP5nz18wLjeuuPAGHdJllR8eCL26wHNsmm4yVb8o0nKErnhWZkMRuWR5
collection/metamorphic/M_Phyllite/M_Phyllite_09.png	data/samples/items_RE9VthBbtP5nz18wLjeuuPAGHdJllR8eCL26wHNsmm4yVb8o0nKErnhWZkMRuWR5
collection/metamorphic/M_Phyllite/M_Phyllite_10.png	data/samples/items_RE9VthBbtP5nz18wLjeuuPAGHdJllR8eCL26wHNsmm4yVb8o0nKErnhWZkMRuWR5
collection/metamorphic/M_Phyllite/M_Phyllite_11.png	data/samples/items_RE9VthBbtP5nz18wLjeuuPAGHdJllR8eCL26wHNsmm4yVb8o0nKErnhWZkMRuWR5
collection/metamorphic/M_Phyllite/M_Phyllite_12.png	data/samples/items_RE9VthBbtP5nz18wLjeuuPAGHdJllR8eCL26wHNsmm4yVb8o0nKErnhWZkMRuWR5
collection/metamorphic/M_Quartzite/M_Quartzite_01.png	data/samples/items_RE9VthBbtP5nz18wLjeuuPAGHdJllR8eCL26wHNsmm4yVb8o0nKErnhWZkMRuWR5
collection/metamorphic/M_Quartzite/M_Quartzite_02.png	data/samples/items_RE9VthBbtP5nz18wLjeuuPAGHdJllR8eCL26wHNsmm4yVb8o0nKErnhWZkMRuWR5
collection/metamorphic/M_Quartzite/M_Quartzite_03.png	data/samples/items_RE9VthBbtP5nz18wLjeuuPAGHdJllR8eCL26wHNsmm4yVb8o0nKErnhWZkMRuWR5
collection/metamorphic/M_Quartzite/M_Quartzite_04.png	data/samples/items_RE9VthBbtP5nz18wLjeuuPAGHdJllR8eCL26wHNsmm4yVb8o0nKErnhWZkMRuWR5
collection/metamorphic/M_Quartzite/M_Quartzite_05.png	data/samples/items_RE9VthBbtP5nz18wLjeuuPAGHdJllR8eCL26wHNsmm4yVb8o0nKErnhWZkMRuWR5
collection/metamorphic/M_Quartzite/M_Quartzite_06.png	data/samples/items_RE9VthBbtP5nz18wLjeuuPAGHdJllR8eCL26wHNsmm4yVb8o0nKErnhWZkMRuWR5
collection/metamorphic/M_Quartzite/M_Quartzite_07.png	data/samples/items_RE9VthBbtP5nz18wLjeuuPAGHdJllR8eCL26wHNsmm4yVb8o0nKErnhWZkMRuWR5
collection/metamorphic/M_Quartzite/M_Quartzite_08.png	data/samples/items_RE9VthBbtP5nz18wLjeuuPAGHdJllR8eCL26wHNsmm4yVb8o0nKErnhWZkMRuWR5
collection/metamorphic/M_Quartzite/M_Quartzite_09.png	data/samples/items_RE9VthBbtP5nz18wLjeuuPAGHdJllR8eCL26wHNsmm4yVb8o0nKErnhWZkMRuWR5
collection/metamorphic/M_Quartzite/M_Quartzite_10.png	data/samples/items_RE9VthBbtP5nz18wLjeuuPAGHdJllR8eCL26wHNsmm4yVb8o0nKErnhWZkMRuWR5
collection/metamorphic/M_Quartzite/M_Quartzite_11.png	data/samples/items_RE9VthBbtP5nz18wLjeuuPAGHdJllR8eCL26wHNsmm4yVb8o0nKErnhWZkMRuWR5
collection/metamorphic/M_Quartzite/M_Quartzite_12.png	data/samples/items_RE9VthBbtP5nz18wLjeuuPAGHdJllR8eCL26wHNsmm4yVb8o0nKErnhWZkMRuWR5
collection/metamorphic/M_Schist/M_Schist_01.png	data/samples/items_RE9VthBbtP5nz18wLjeuuPAGHdJllR8eCL26wHNsmm4yVb8o0nKErnhWZkMRuWR5
collection/metamorphic/M_Schist/M_Schist_02.png	data/samples/items_RE9VthBbtP5nz18wLjeuuPAGHdJllR8eCL26wHNsmm4yVb8o0nKErnhWZkMRuWR5
collection/metamorphic/M_Schist/M_Schist_03.png	data/samples/items_RE9VthBbtP5nz18wLjeuuPAGHdJllR8eCL26wHNsmm4yVb8o0nKErnhWZkMRuWR5
collection/metamorphic/M_Schist/M_Schist_04.png	data/samples/items_RE9VthBbtP5nz18wLjeuuPAGHdJllR8eCL26wHNsmm4yVb8o0nKErnhWZkMRuWR5
collection/metamorphic/M_Schist/M_Schist_05.png	data/samples/items_RE9VthBbtP5nz18wLjeuuPAGHdJllR8eCL26wHNsmm4yVb8o0nKErnhWZkMRuWR5
collection/metamorphic/M_Schist/M_Schist_06.png	data/samples/items_RE9VthBbtP5nz18wLjeuuPAGHdJllR8eCL26wHNsmm4yVb8o0nKErnhWZkMRuWR5
collection/metamorphic/M_Schist/M_Schist_07.png	data/samples/items_RE9VthBbtP5nz18wLjeuuPAGHdJllR8eCL26wHNsmm4yVb8o0nKErnhWZkMRuWR5
collection/metamorphic/M_Schist/M_Schist_08.png	data/samples/items_RE9VthBbtP5nz18wLjeuuPAGHdJllR8eCL26wHNsmm4yVb8o0nKErnhWZkMRuWR5
collection/metamorphic/M_Schist/M_Schist_09.png	data/samples/items_RE9VthBbtP5nz18wLjeuuPAGHdJllR8eCL26wHNsmm4yVb8o0nKErnhWZkMRuWR5
collection/metamorphic/M_Schist/M_Schist_10.png	data/samples/items_RE9VthBbtP5nz18wLjeuuPAGHdJllR8eCL26wHNsmm4yVb8o0nKErnhWZkMRuWR5
collection/metamorphic/M_Schist/M_Schist_11.png	data/samples/items_RE9VthBbtP5nz18wLjeuuPAGHdJllR8eCL26wHNsmm4yVb8o0nKErnhWZkMRuWR5
collection/metamorphic/M_Schist/M_Schist_12.png	data/samples/items_RE9VthBbtP5nz18wLjeuuPAGHdJllR8eCL26wHNsmm4yVb8o0nKErnhWZkMRuWR5
collection/metamorphic/M_Slate/M_Slate_01.png	data/samples/items_RE9VthBbtP5nz18wLjeuuPAGHdJllR8eCL26wHNsmm4yVb8o0nKErnhWZkMRuWR5
collection/metamorphic/M_Slate/M_Slate_02.png	data/samples/items_RE9VthBbtP5nz18wLjeuuPAGHdJllR8eCL26wHNsmm4yVb8o0nKErnhWZkMRuWR5
collection/metamorphic/M_Slate/M_Slate_03.png	data/samples/items_RE9VthBbtP5nz18wLjeuuPAGHdJllR8eCL26wHNsmm4yVb8o0nKErnhWZkMRuWR5
collection/metamorphic/M_Slate/M_Slate_04.png	data/samples/items_RE9VthBbtP5nz18wLjeuuPAGHdJllR8eCL26wHNsmm4yVb8o0nKErnhWZkMRuWR5
collection/metamorphic/M_Slate/M_Slate_05.png	data/samples/items_RE9VthBbtP5nz18wLjeuuPAGHdJllR8eCL26wHNsmm4yVb8o0nKErnhWZkMRuWR5
collection/metamorphic/M_Slate/M_Slate_06.png	data/samples/items_RE9VthBbtP5nz18wLjeuuPAGHdJllR8eCL26wHNsmm4yVb8o0nKErnhWZkMRuWR5
collection/metamorphic/M_Slate/M_Slate_07.png	data/samples/items_RE9VthBbtP5nz18wLjeuuPAGHdJllR8eCL26wHNsmm4yVb8o0nKErnhWZkMRuWR5
collection/metamorphic/M_Slate/M_Slate_08.png	data/samples/items_RE9VthBbtP5nz18wLjeuuPAGHdJllR8eCL26wHNsmm4yVb8o0nKErnhWZkMRuWR5
collection/metamorphic/M_Slate/M_Slate_09.png	data/samples/items_RE9VthBbtP5nz18wLjeuuPAGHdJllR8eCL26wHNsmm4yVb8o0nKErnhWZkMRuWR5
collection/metamorphic/M_Slate/M_Slate_10.png	data/samples/items_RE9VthBbtP5nz18wLjeuuPAGHdJllR8eCL26wHNsmm4yVb8o0nKErnhWZkMRuWR5
collection/metamorphic/M_Slate/M_Slate_11.png	data/samples/items_RE9VthBbtP5nz18wLjeuuPAGHdJllR8eCL26wHNsmm4yVb8o0nKErnhWZkMRuWR5
collection/metamorphic/M_Slate/M_Slate_12.png	data/samples/items_RE9VthBbtP5nz18wLjeuuPAGHdJllR8eCL26wHNsmm4yVb8o0nKErnhWZkMRuWR5
collection/sedimentary/S_Bituminous Coal/S_Bituminous Coal_01.png	data/samples/items_l6QC9Tc9oSXxKbagN6F3csOaaQK3mao8sOz1T6TfHrw8p4BiIfzckRiGxAbilD1d
collection/sedimentary/S_Bituminous Coal/S_Bituminous Coal_02.png	data/samples/items_l6QC9Tc9oSXxKbagN6F3csOaaQK3mao8sOz1T6TfHrw8p4BiIfzckRiGxAbilD1d
collection/sedimentary/S_Bituminous Coal/S_Bituminous Coal_03.png	data/samples/items_l6QC9Tc9oSXxKbagN6F3csOaaQK3mao8sOz1T6TfHrw8p4BiIfzckRiGxAbilD1d
collection/sedimentary/S_Bituminous Coal/S_Bituminous Coal_04.png	data/samples/items_l6QC9Tc9oSXxKbagN6F3csOaaQK3mao8sOz1T6TfHrw8p4BiIfzckRiGxAbilD1d
collection/sedimentary/S_Bituminous Coal/S_Bituminous Coal_05.png	data/samples/items_l6QC9Tc9oSXxKbagN6F3csOaaQK3mao8sOz1T6TfHrw8p4BiIfzckRiGxAbilD1d
collection/sedimentary/S_Bituminous Coal/S_Bituminous Coal_06.png	data/samples/items_l6QC9Tc9oSXxKbagN6F3csOaaQK3mao8sOz1T6TfHrw8p4BiIfzckRiGxAbilD1d
collection/sedimentary/S_Bituminous Coal/S_Bituminous Coal_07.png	data/samples/items_l6QC9Tc9oSXxKbagN6F3csOaaQK3mao8sOz1T6TfHrw8p4BiIfzckRiGxAbilD1d
collection/sedimentary/S_Bituminous Coal/S_Bituminous Coal_08.png	data/samples/items_l6QC9Tc9oSXxKbagN6F3csOaaQK3mao8sOz1T6TfHrw8p4BiIfzckRiGxAbilD1d
collection/sedimentary/S_Bituminous Coal/S_Bituminous Coal_09.png	data/samples/items_l6QC9Tc9oSXxKbagN6F3csOaaQK3mao8sOz1T6TfHrw8p4BiIfzckRiGxAbilD1d
collection/sedimentary/S_Bituminous Coal/S_Bituminous Coal_10.png	data/samples/items_l6QC9Tc9oSXxKbagN6F3csOaaQK3mao8sOz1T6TfHrw8p4BiIfzckRiGxAbilD1d
collection/sedimentary/S_Bituminous Coal/S_Bituminous Coal_11.png	data/samples/items_l6QC9Tc9oSXxKbagN6F3csOaaQK3mao8sOz1T6TfHrw8p4BiIfzckRiGxAbilD1d
collection/sedimentary/S_Bituminous Coal/S_Bituminous Coal_12.png	data/samples/items_l6QC9Tc9oSXxKbagN6F3csOaaQK3mao8sOz1T6TfHrw8p4BiIfzckRiGxAbilD1d
collection/sedimentary/S_Breccia/S_Breccia_01.png	data/samples/items_l6QC9Tc9oSXxKbagN6F3csOaaQK3mao8sOz1T6TfHrw8p4BiIfzckRiGxAbilD1d
collection/sedimentary/S_Breccia/S_Breccia_02.png	data/samples/items_l6QC9Tc9oSXxKbagN6F3csOaaQK3mao8sOz1T6TfHrw8p4BiIfzckRiGxAbilD1d
collection/sedimentary/S_Breccia/S_Breccia_03.png	data/samples/items_l6QC9Tc9oSXxKbagN6F3csOaaQK3mao8sOz1T6TfHrw8p4BiIfzckRiGxAbilD1d
collection/sedimentary/S_Breccia/S_Breccia_04.png	data/samples/items_l6QC9Tc9oSXxKbagN6F3csOaaQK3mao8sOz1T6TfHrw8p4BiIfzckRiGxAbilD1d
collection/sedimentary/S_Breccia/S_Breccia_05.png	data/samples/items_l6QC9Tc9oSXxKbagN6F3csOaaQK3mao8sOz1T6TfHrw8p4BiIfzckRiGxAbilD1d
collection/sedimentary/S_Breccia/S_Breccia_06.png	data/samples/items_l6QC9Tc9oSXxKbagN6F3csOaaQK3mao8sOz1T6TfHrw8p4BiIfzckRiGxAbilD1d
collection/sedimentary/S_Breccia/S_Breccia_07.png	data/samples/items_l6QC9Tc9oSXxKbagN6F3csOaaQK3mao8sOz1T6TfHrw8p4BiIfzckRiGxAbilD1d
collection/sedimentary/S_Breccia/S_Breccia_08.png	data/samples/items_l6QC9Tc9oSXxKbagN6F3csOaaQK3mao8sOz1T6TfHrw8p4BiIfzckRiGxAbilD1d
collection/sedimentary/S_Breccia/S_Breccia_09.png	data/samples/items_l6QC9Tc9oSXxKbagN6F3csOaaQK3mao8sOz1T6TfHrw8p4BiIfzckRiGxAbilD1d
collection/sedimentary/S_Breccia/S_Breccia_10.png	data/samples/items_l6QC9Tc9oSXxKbagN6F3csOaaQK3mao8sOz1T6TfHrw8p4BiIfzckRiGxAbilD1d
collection/sedimentary/S_Breccia/S_Breccia_11.png	data/samples/items_l6QC9Tc9oSXxKbagN6F3csOaaQK3mao8sOz1T6TfHrw8p4BiIfzckRiGxAbilD1d
collection/sedimentary/S_Breccia/S_Breccia_12.png	data/samples/items_l6QC9Tc9oSXxKbagN6F3csOaaQK3mao8sOz1T6TfHrw8p4BiIfzckRiGxAbilD1d
collection/sedimentary/S_Chert/S_Chert_01.png	data/samples/items_l6QC9Tc9oSXxKbagN6F3csOaaQK3mao8sOz1T6TfHrw8p4BiIfzckRiGxAbilD1d
collection/sedimentary/S_Chert/S_Chert_02.png	data/samples/items_l6QC9Tc9oSXxKbagN6F3csOaaQK3mao8sOz1T6TfHrw8p4BiIfzckRiGxAbilD1d
collection/sedimentary/S_Chert/S_Chert_03.png	data/samples/items_l6QC9Tc9oSXxKbagN6F3csOaaQK3mao8sOz1T6TfHrw8p4BiIfzckRiGxAbilD1d
collection/sedimentary/S_Chert/S_Chert_04.png	data/samples/items_l6QC9Tc9oSXxKbagN6F3csOaaQK3mao8sOz1T6TfHrw8p4BiIfzckRiGxAbilD1d
collection/sedimentary/S_Chert/S_Chert_05.png	data/samples/items_l6QC9Tc9oSXxKbagN6F3csOaaQK3mao8sOz1T6TfHrw8p4BiIfzckRiGxAbilD1d
collection/sedimentary/S_Chert/S_Chert_06.png	data/samples/items_l6QC9Tc9oSXxKbagN6F3csOaaQK3mao8sOz1T6TfHrw8p4BiIfzckRiGxAbilD1d
collection/sedimentary/S_Chert/S_Chert_07.png	data/samples/items_l6QC9Tc9oSXxKbagN6F3csOaaQK3mao8sOz1T6TfHrw8p4BiIfzckRiGxAbilD1d
collection/sedimentary/S_Chert/S_Chert_08.png	data/samples/items_l6QC9Tc9oSXxKbagN6F3csOaaQK3mao8sOz1T6TfHrw8p4BiIfzckRiGxAbilD1d
collection/sedimentary/S_Chert/S_Chert_09.png	data/samples/items_l6QC9Tc9oSXxKbagN6F3csOaaQK3mao8sOz1T6TfHrw8p4BiIfzckRiGxAbilD1d
collection/sedimentary/S_Chert/S_Chert_10.png	data/samples/items_l6QC9Tc9oSXxKbagN6F3csOaaQK3mao8sOz1T6TfHrw8p4BiIfzckRiGxAbilD1d
collection/sedimentary/S_Chert/S_Chert_11.png	data/samples/items_l6QC9Tc9oSXxKbagN6F3csOaaQK3mao8sOz1T6TfHrw8p4BiIfzckRiGxAbilD1d
collection/sedimentary/S_Chert/S_Chert_12.png	data/samples/items_l6QC9Tc9oSXxKbagN6F3csOaaQK3mao8sOz1T6TfHrw8p4BiIfzckRiGxAbilD1d
collection/sedimentary/S_Conglomerate/S_Conglomerate_01.png	data/samples/items_l6QC9Tc9oSXxKbagN6F3csOaaQK3mao8sOz1T6TfHrw8p4BiIfzckRiGxAbilD1d
collection/sedimentary/S_Conglomerate/S_Conglomerate_02.png	data/samples/items_l6QC9Tc9oSXxKbagN6F3csOaaQK3mao8sOz1T6TfHrw8p4BiIfzckRiGxAbilD1d
collection/sedimentary/S_Conglomerate/S_Conglomerate_03.png	data/samples/items_l6QC9Tc9oSXxKbagN6F3csOaaQK3mao8sOz1T6TfHrw8p4BiIfzckRiGxAbilD1d
collection/sedimentary/S_Conglomerate/S_Conglomerate_04.png	data/samples/items_l6QC9Tc9oSXxKbagN6F3csOaaQK3mao8sOz1T6TfHrw8p4BiIfzckRiGxAbilD1d
collection/sedimentary/S_Conglomerate/S_Conglomerate_05.png	data/samples/items_l6QC9Tc9oSXxKbagN6F3csOaaQK3mao8sOz1T6TfHrw8p4BiIfzckRiGxAbilD1d
collection/sedimentary/S_Conglomerate/S_Conglomerate_06.png	data/samples/items_l6QC9Tc9oSXxKbagN6F3csOaaQK3mao8sOz1T6TfHrw8p4BiIfzckRiGxAbilD1d
collection/sedimentary/S_Conglomerate/S_Conglomerate_07.png	data/samples/items_l6QC9Tc9oSXxKbagN6F3csOaaQK3mao8sOz1T6TfHrw8p4BiIfzckRiGxAbilD1d
collection/sedimentary/S_Conglomerate/S_Conglomerate_08.png	data/samples/items_l6QC9Tc9oSXxKbagN6F3csOaaQK3mao8sOz1T6TfHrw8p4BiIfzckRiGxAbilD1d
collection/sedimentary/S_Conglomerate/S_Conglomerate_09.png	data/samples/items_l6QC9Tc9oSXxKbagN6F3csOaaQK3mao8sOz1T6TfHrw8p4BiIfzckRiGxAbilD1d
collection/sedimentary/S_Conglomerate/S_Conglomerate_10.png	data/samples/items_l6QC9Tc9oSXxKbagN6F3csOaaQK3mao8sOz1T6TfHrw8p4BiIfzckRiGxAbilD1d
collection/sedimentary/S_Conglomerate/S_Conglomerate_11.png	data/samples/items_l6QC9Tc9oSXxKbagN6F3csOaaQK3mao8sOz1T6TfHrw8p4BiIfzckRiGxAbilD1d
collection/sedimentary/S_Conglomerate/S_Conglomerate_12.png	data/samples/items_l6QC9Tc9oSXxKbagN6F3csOaaQK3mao8sOz1T6TfHrw8p4BiIfzckRiGxAbilD1d
collection/sedimentary/S_Dolomite/S_Dolomite_01.png	data/samples/items_l6QC9Tc9oSXxKbagN6F3csOaaQK3mao8sOz1T6TfHrw8p4BiIfzckRiGxAbilD1d
collection/sedimentary/S_Dolomite/S_Dolomite_02.png	data/samples/items_l6QC9Tc9oSXxKbagN6F3csOaaQK3mao8sOz1T6TfHrw8p4BiIfzckRiGxAbilD1d
collection/sedimentary/S_Dolomite/S_Dolomite_03.png	data/samples/items_l6QC9Tc9oSXxKbagN6F3csOaaQK3mao8sOz1T6TfHrw8p4BiIfzckRiGxAbilD1d
collection/sedimentary/S_Dolomite/S_Dolomite_04.png	data/samples/items_l6QC9Tc9oSXxKbagN6F3csOaaQK3mao8sOz1T6TfHrw8p4BiIfzckRiGxAbilD1d
collection/sedimentary/S_Dolomite/S_Dolomite_05.png	data/samples/items_l6QC9Tc9oSXxKbagN6F3csOaaQK3mao8sOz1T6TfHrw8p4BiIfzckRiGxAbilD1d
collection/sedimentary/S_Dolomite/S_Dolomite_06.png	data/samples/items_l6QC9Tc9oSXxKbagN6F3csOaaQK3mao8sOz1T6TfHrw8p4BiIfzckRiGxAbilD1d
collection/sedimentary/S_Dolomite/S_Dolomite_07.png	data/samples/items_l6QC9Tc9oSXxKbagN6F3csOaaQK3mao8sOz1T6TfHrw8p4BiIfzckRiGxAbilD1d
collection/sedimentary/S_Dolomite/S_Dolomite_08.png	data/samples/items_l6QC9Tc9oSXxKbagN6F3csOaaQK3mao8sOz1T6TfHrw8p4BiIfzckRiGxAbilD1d
collection/sedimentary/S_Dolomite/S_Dolomite_09.png	data/samples/items_l6QC9Tc9oSXxKbagN6F3csOaaQK3mao8sOz1T6TfHrw8p4BiIfzckRiGxAbilD1d
collection/sedimentary/S_Dolomite/S_Dolomite_10.png	data/samples/items_l6QC9Tc9oSXxKbagN6F3csOaaQK3mao8sOz1T6TfHrw8p4BiIfzckRiGxAbilD1d
collection/sedimentary/S_Dolomite/S_Dolomite_11.png	data/samples/items_l6QC9Tc9oSXxKbagN6F3csOaaQK3mao8sOz1T6TfHrw8p4BiIfzckRiGxAbilD1d
collection/sedimentary/S_Dolomite/S_Dolomite_12.png	data/samples/items_l6QC9Tc9oSXxKbagN6F3csOaaQK3mao8sOz1T6TfHrw8p4BiIfzckRiGxAbilD1d
collection/sedimentary/S_Micrite/S_Micrite_01.png	data/samples/items_l6QC9Tc9oSXxKbagN6F3csOaaQK3mao8sOz1T6TfHrw8p4BiIfzckRiGxAbilD1d
collection/sedimentary/S_Micrite/S_Micrite_02.png	data/samples/items_l6QC9Tc9oSXxKbagN6F3csOaaQK3mao8sOz1T6TfHrw8p4BiIfzckRiGxAbilD1d
collection/sedimentary/S_Micrite/S_Micrite_03.png	data/samples/items_l6QC9Tc9oSXxKbagN6F3csOaaQK3mao8sOz1T6TfHrw8p4BiIfzckRiGxAbilD1d
collection/sedimentary/S_Micrite/S_Micrite_04.png	data/samples/items_l6QC9Tc9oSXxKbagN6F3csOaaQK3mao8sOz1T6TfHrw8p4BiIfzckRiGxAbilD1d
collection/sedimentary/S_Micrite/S_Micrite_05.png	data/samples/items_l6QC9Tc9oSXxKbagN6F3csOaaQK3mao8sOz1T6TfHrw8p4BiIfzckRiGxAbilD1d
collection/sedimentary/S_Micrite/S_Micrite_06.png	data/samples/items_l6QC9Tc9oSXxKbagN6F3csOaaQK3mao8sOz1T6TfHrw8p4BiIfzckRiGxAbilD1d
collection/sedimentary/S_Micrite/S_Micrite_07.png	data/samples/items_l6QC9Tc9oSXxKbagN6F3csOaaQK3mao8sOz1T6TfHrw8p4BiIfzckRiGxAbilD1d
collection/sedimentary/S_Micrite/S_Micrite_08.png	data/samples/items_l6QC9Tc9oSXxKbagN6F3csOaaQK3mao8sOz1T6TfHrw8p4BiIfzckRiGxAbilD1d
collection/sedimentary/S_Micrite/S_Micrite_09.png	data/samples/items_l6QC9Tc9oSXxKbagN6F3csOaaQK3mao8sOz1T6TfHrw8p4BiIfzckRiGxAbilD1d
collection/sedimentary/S_Micrite/S_Micrite_10.png	data/samples/items_l6QC9Tc9oSXxKbagN6F3csOaaQK3mao8sOz1T6TfHrw8p4BiIfzckRiGxAbilD1d
collection/sedimentary/S_Micrite/S_Micrite_11.png	data/samples/items_l6QC9Tc9oSXxKbagN6F3csOaaQK3mao8sOz1T6TfHrw8p4BiIfzckRiGxAbilD1d
collection/sedimentary/S_Micrite/S_Micrite_12.png	data/samples/items_l6QC9Tc9oSXxKbagN6F3csOaaQK3mao8sOz1T6TfHrw8p4BiIfzckRiGxAbilD1d
collection/sedimentary/S_Rock Gypsum/S_Rock Gypsum_01.png	data/samples/items_l6QC9Tc9oSXxKbagN6F3csOaaQK3mao8sOz1T6TfHrw8p4BiIfzckRiGxAbilD1d
collection/sedimentary/S_Rock Gypsum/S_Rock Gypsum_02.png	data/samples/items_l6QC9Tc9oSXxKbagN6F3csOaaQK3mao8sOz1T6TfHrw8p4BiIfzckRiGxAbilD1d
collection/sedimentary/S_Rock Gypsum/S_Rock Gypsum_03.png	data/samples/items_l6QC9Tc9oSXxKbagN6F3csOaaQK3mao8sOz1T6TfHrw8p4BiIfzckRiGxAbilD1d
collection/sedimentary/S_Rock Gypsum/S_Rock Gypsum_04.png	data/samples/items_l6QC9Tc9oSXxKbagN6F3csOaaQK3mao8sOz1T6TfHrw8p4BiIfzckRiGxAbilD1d
collection/sedimentary/S_Rock Gypsum/S_Rock Gypsum_05.png	data/samples/items_l6QC9Tc9oSXxKbagN6F3csOaaQK3mao8sOz1T6TfHrw8p4BiIfzckRiGxAbilD1d
collection/sedimentary/S_Rock Gypsum/S_Rock Gypsum_06.png	data/samples/items_l6QC9Tc9oSXxKbagN6F3csOaaQK3mao8sOz1T6TfHrw8p4BiIfzckRiGxAbilD1d
collection/sedimentary/S_Rock Gypsum/S_Rock Gypsum_07.png	data/samples/items_l6QC9Tc9oSXxKbagN6F3csOaaQK3mao8sOz1T6TfHrw8p4BiIfzckRiGxAbilD1d
collection/sedimentary/S_Rock Gypsum/S_Rock Gypsum_08.png	data/samples/items_l6QC9Tc9oSXxKbagN6F3csOaaQK3mao8sOz1T6TfHrw8p4BiIfzckRiGxAbilD1d
collection/sedimentary/S_Rock Gypsum/S_Rock Gypsum_09.png	data/samples/items_l6QC9Tc9oSXxKbagN6F3csOaaQK3mao8sOz1T6TfHrw8p4BiIfzckRiGxAbilD1d
collection/sedimentary/S_Rock Gypsum/S_Rock Gypsum_10.png	data/samples/items_l6QC9Tc9oSXxKbagN6F3csOaaQK3mao8sOz1T6TfHrw8p4BiIfzckRiGxAbilD1d
collection/sedimentary/S_Rock Gypsum/S_Rock Gypsum_11.png	data/samples/items_l6QC9Tc9oSXxKbagN6F3csOaaQK3mao8sOz1T6TfHrw8p4BiIfzckRiGxAbilD1d
collection/sedimentary/S_Rock Gypsum/S_Rock Gypsum_12.png	data/samples/items_l6QC9Tc9oSXxKbagN6F3csOaaQK3mao8sOz1T6TfHrw8p4BiIfzckRiGxAbilD1d
collection/sedimentary/S_Rock Salt/S_Rock Salt_01.png	data/samples/items_l6QC9Tc9oSXxKbagN6F3csOaaQK3mao8sOz1T6TfHrw8p4BiIfzckRiGxAbilD1d
collection/sedimentary/S_Rock Salt/S_Rock Salt_02.png	data/samples/items_l6QC9Tc9oSXxKbagN6F3csOaaQK3mao8sOz1T6TfHrw8p4BiIfzckRiGxAbilD1d
collection/sedimentary/S_Rock Salt/S_Rock Salt_03.png	data/samples/items_l6QC9Tc9oSXxKbagN6F3csOaaQK3mao8sOz1T6TfHrw8p4BiIfzckRiGxAbilD1d
collection/sedimentary/S_Rock Salt/S_Rock Salt_04.png	data/samples/items_l6QC9Tc9oSXxKbagN6F3csOaaQK3mao8sOz1T6TfHrw8p4BiIfzckRiGxAbilD1d
collection/sedimentary/S_Rock Salt/S_Rock Salt_05.png	data/samples/items_l6QC9Tc9oSXxKbagN6F3csOaaQK3mao8sOz1T6TfHrw8p4BiIfzckRiGxAbilD1d
collection/sedimentary/S_Rock Salt/S_Rock Salt_06.png	data/samples/items_l6QC9Tc9oSXxKbagN6F3csOaaQK3mao8sOz1T6TfHrw8p4BiIfzckRiGxAbilD1d
collection/sedimentary/S_Rock Salt/S_Rock Salt_07.png	data/samples/items_l6QC9Tc9oSXxKbagN6F3csOaaQK3mao8sOz1T6TfHrw8p4BiIfzckRiGxAbilD1d
collection/sedimentary/S_Rock Salt/S_Rock Salt_08.png	data/samples/items_l6QC9Tc9oSXxKbagN6F3csOaaQK3mao8sOz1T6TfHrw8p4BiIfzckRiGxAbilD1d
collection/sedimentary/S_Rock Salt/S_Rock Salt_09.png	data/samples/items_l6QC9Tc9oSXxKbagN6F3csOaaQK3mao8sOz1T6TfHrw8p4BiIfzckRiGxAbilD1d
collection/sedimentary/S_Rock Salt/S_Rock Salt_10.png	data/samples/items_l6QC9Tc9oSXxKbagN6F3csOaaQK3mao8sOz1T6TfHrw8p4BiIfzckRiGxAbilD1d
collection/sedimentary/S_Rock Salt/S_Rock Salt_11.png	data/samples/items_l6QC9Tc9oSXxKbagN6F3csOaaQK3mao8sOz1T6TfHrw8p4BiIfzckRiGxAbilD1d
collection/sedimentary/S_Rock Salt/S_Rock Salt_12.png	data/samples/items_l6QC9Tc9oSXxKbagN6F3csOaaQK3mao8sOz1T6TfHrw8p4BiIfzckRiGxAbilD1d
collection/sedimentary/S_Sandstone/S_Sandstone_01.png	data/samples/items_l6QC9Tc9oSXxKbagN6F3csOaaQK3mao8sOz1T6TfHrw8p4BiIfzckRiGxAbilD1d
collection/sedimentary/S_Sandstone/S_Sandstone_02.png	data/samples/items_l6QC9Tc9oSXxKbagN6F3csOaaQK3mao8sOz1T6TfHrw8p4BiIfzckRiGxAbilD1d
collection/sedimentary/S_Sandstone/S_Sandstone_03.png	data/samples/items_l6QC9Tc9oSXxKbagN6F3csOaaQK3mao8sOz1T6TfHrw8p4BiIfzckRiGxAbilD1d
collection/sedimentary/S_Sandstone/S_Sandstone_04.png	data/samples/items_l6QC9Tc9oSXxKbagN6F3csOaaQK3mao8sOz1T6TfHrw8p4BiIfzckRiGxAbilD1d
collection/sedimentary/S_Sandstone/S_Sandstone_05.png	data/samples/items_l6QC9Tc9oSXxKbagN6F3csOaaQK3mao8sOz1T6TfHrw8p4BiIfzckRiGxAbilD1d
collection/sedimentary/S_Sandstone/S_Sandstone_06.png	data/samples/items_l6QC9Tc9oSXxKbagN6F3csOaaQK3mao8sOz1T6TfHrw8p4BiIfzckRiGxAbilD1d
collection/sedimentary/S_Sandstone/S_Sandstone_07.png	data/samples/items_l6QC9Tc9oSXxKbagN6F3csOaaQK3mao8sOz1T6TfHrw8p4BiIfzckRiGxAbilD1d
collection/sedimentary/S_Sandstone/S_Sandstone_08.png	data/samples/items_l6QC9Tc9oSXxKbagN6F3csOaaQK3mao8sOz1T6TfHrw8p4BiIfzckRiGxAbilD1d
collection/sedimentary/S_Sandstone/S_Sandstone_09.png	data/samples/items_l6QC9Tc9oSXxKbagN6F3csOaaQK3mao8sOz1T6TfHrw8p4BiIfzckRiGxAbilD1d
collection/sedimentary/S_Sandstone/S_Sandstone_10.png	data/samples/items_l6QC9Tc9oSXxKbagN6F3csOaaQK3mao8sOz1T6TfHrw8p4BiIfzckRiGxAbilD1d
collection/sedimentary/S_Sandstone/S_Sandstone_11.png	data/samples/items_l6QC9Tc9oSXxKbagN6F3csOaaQK3mao8sOz1T6TfHrw8p4BiIfzckRiGxAbilD1d
collection/sedimentary/S_Sandstone/S_Sandstone_12.png	data/samples/items_l6QC9Tc9oSXxKbagN6F3csOaaQK3mao8sOz1T6TfHrw8p4BiIfzckRiGxAbilD1d
collection/sedimentary/S_Shale/S_Shale_01.png	data/samples/items_l6QC9Tc9oSXxKbagN6F3csOaaQK3mao8sOz1T6TfHrw8p4BiIfzckRiGxAbilD1d
collection/sedimentary/S_Shale/S_Shale_02.png	data/samples/items_l6QC9Tc9oSXxKbagN6F3csOaaQK3mao8sOz1T6TfHrw8p4BiIfzckRiGxAbilD1d
collection/sedimentary/S_Shale/S_Shale_03.png	data/samples/items_l6QC9Tc9oSXxKbagN6F3csOaaQK3mao8sOz1T6TfHrw8p4BiIfzckRiGxAbilD1d
collection/sedimentary/S_Shale/S_Shale_04.png	data/samples/items_l6QC9Tc9oSXxKbagN6F3csOaaQK3mao8sOz1T6TfHrw8p4BiIfzckRiGxAbilD1d
collection/sedimentary/S_Shale/S_Shale_05.png	data/samples/items_l6QC9Tc9oSXxKbagN6F3csOaaQK3mao8sOz1T6TfHrw8p4BiIfzckRiGxAbilD1d
collection/sedimentary/S_Shale/S_Shale_06.png	data/samples/items_l6QC9Tc9oSXxKbagN6F3csOaaQK3mao8sOz1T6TfHrw8p4BiIfzckRiGxAbilD1d
collection/sedimentary/S_Shale/S_Shale_07.png	data/samples/items_l6QC9Tc9oSXxKbagN6F3csOaaQK3mao8sOz1T6TfHrw8p4BiIfzckRiGxAbilD1d
collection/sedimentary/S_Shale/S_Shale_08.png	data/samples/items_l6QC9Tc9oSXxKbagN6F3csOaaQK3mao8sOz1T6TfHrw8p4BiIfzckRiGxAbilD1d
collection/sedimentary/S_Shale/S_Shale_09.png	data/samples/items_l6QC9Tc9oSXxKbagN6F3csOaaQK3mao8sOz1T6TfHrw8p4BiIfzckRiGxAbilD1d
collection/sedimentary/S_Shale/S_Shale_10.png	data/samples/items_l6QC9Tc9oSXxKbagN6F3csOaaQK3mao8sOz1T6TfHrw8p4BiIfzckRiGxAbilD1d
collection/sedimentary/S_Shale/S_Shale_11.png	data/samples/items_l6QC9Tc9oSXxKbagN6F3csOaaQK3mao8sOz1T6TfHrw8p4BiIfzckRiGxAbilD1d
collection/sedimentary/S_Shale/S_Shale_12.png	data/samples/items_l6QC9Tc9oSXxKbagN6F3csOaaQK3mao8sOz1T6TfHrw8p4BiIfzckRiGxAbilD1d